# Curriculum-design-of-C-language-for-Freshmen-year
Curriculum-design-of-C-language-for-Freshmen-year
A small game based on EasyX.

# I. Program Features

## 1. Login and Registration
After running the program, the login and registration page immediately appears. Players can enter a custom username and password in the designated area. The username can be displayed in real time, and the password will only display the corresponding number of "*" signs to ensure the security of user information. Click the login option button, and the program will automatically search for and save the data in the user information file. If it is a registered user, the program will check the entered password. If the entered password is correct, the program will jump to the main interface of the game. If the password is incorrect, the program will not jump and will clear the entered information, waiting for the user to re-enter. If it is an unregistered new user, the program will automatically register, saving the input information to a file that stores user information, and then jump to the main interface of the game. When the program jumps to the main interface of the game, the login and registration interface will close immediately.

## 2 Main interface
The main interface of the game is divided into three parts: information display, going to the store, and going to the main level of the game. In the information display section, the screen will display information such as the current player's username, total points, and the number of various items in the game. You can click to go to the store section, and after clicking, the program will jump to the store interface, and the game's main interface will close immediately. There are multiple levels that can be clicked when going to the main level of the game. Clicking on different levels will redirect the program to the corresponding level and start playing. The current game main interface will then close.

## 3 Store System
In the store system, the interface is divided into user information display area, product area, and operation area. In the user information display area, the screen will display information such as the current player's username, total points, and the number of various items in the game. In the product area, there are various game props that can be purchased. Clicking on the corresponding product will deduct the player's total points, while increasing the number or usage of corresponding game props to help players pass the game more easily. In the operation area, users can click the "Confirm" button to save the current purchase status, and then proceed with the purchase without the program jumping. Users can click the "Back" button to save the current purchase status, and then the program will jump to the main interface of the game. When the program jumps to the main interface of the game, the store interface immediately closes.

## 4 main game levels
The main level of the game consists of three major levels and nine sub levels, representing three different historical scenes that are closely related to history. In the level, players can adjust the "angle" and "charge" of firing "shells" through the control panel, control the angle and distance of "shells" flying, and click to select different types of "shells" to increase the probability of successful killing for different types of "enemies". After the adjustment is completed, you can click "fire" to launch the "shell". The projectile will move along an approximate parabolic trajectory with the set parameters, deviating to the right of the extreme point. When the shell comes into contact with the target, it can explode, producing AOE (Area Of Effect) damage of different ranges. Each type of "shell" has a different probability of eliminating different types of "enemies", requiring players to use appropriate strategies and plan their use reasonably, which enhances fun and playability. When all "enemies" are eliminated, the game will automatically jump to the next level of this level. If it is already the last level of this level, the program will display a successful mission and automatically jump to the game's main interface. If it passes the last level of the last level, the program will load and play the game's clearance animation. When all the "shells" have been used up and the "enemies" have not been completely eliminated, the program will display mission failure and automatically jump to the game's main interface.

## 5 game clearance animations
When the conditions for playing the game's clearance animation are met, the program will load each frame of images used in the animation frame by frame. After completion, the images will be drawn frame by frame to achieve a complete animation. After the animation is played, the program will automatically jump to the main interface of the game.

# II. Development Environment
The program was developed, tested, and generated using Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2019 version 16.11.2. It is recommended to have a system memory of 5.0GB or more and a disk space of 100MB or more.
